docs: add note that when ngOnInit not used (#34619)
angular/angular: aio/content/start/index.md

1. In the component class, define a property named `notify` with an `@Output()` decorator and an instance of `EventEmitter()`. This allows the product alert component to emit an event when the value of the notify property changes.

<div class="alert is-helpful">

>   Whenever a new component is generated using the Angular CLI it comes with an empty constructor,the OnInit interface and the ngOnInit() method. Since they are not used in the following example they are removed it.

Reviewer: How about the following edits?
```suggestion
  When the Angular CLI generates a new component, it includes an empty constructor, the `OnInit` interface, and the `ngOnInit()` method. 
  Since the following example isn't using them, they are omitted here for brevity.
```

I also put the second sentence on its own line because it makes it easier to review in the future.
